TP2 Team Project instructions
Slidedeck
At the end of the semester, each team will complete a client project and present the project work in a poster conference to invited faculty members, guests, and students. You must conduct a project for a client. The instructor has secured a few clients on this TP2 client project list. You can also find your own client. Potential topics include:

AI for marketing
AI for finance
AI for supply chain
AI for optimization (e.g., build an agentic system for the optimization course)
AI for healthcare
AI for agriculture
AI for accounting (e.g. Operartis)
AI for management
Synthetic Data (e.g. JP Morgan AI Research Synthetic Data NVidia NeMo Data Designer)
LLM agent model evaluation (e.g. Smol Training Playbook)
AI for law (e.g. Squary AI)
Please email the instructor to claim a topic/client. First come first serve.

TP2 Final Project Overview
The purpose of the project is to prototype and evaluate an AI application (with agentic design) to solve a business problem defined by a client. You should use AI skills or tools covered and discussed in this course, and you must incorporate agentic AI elements. You can use AI to generate code and build apps.

Group GitHub Repo (see a quick start guide here)
Materials you are presenting must be hosted on a group GitHub repo (using a group GitHub account, or one member's account) with three pages and one project page described below.


(1) Readme - A comprehensive report of your project with the following sections and elements:
Nice visuals to illustrate your main concepts and why this project is important for businesses.
Author List: With links to each member's GitHub page. Each member's GitHub page should have a proper readme profile with a well-written bio.
Project Scope: Be as specific as possible with the scope of your project (which should be as narrowly focused as possible.)
Project Details: With logical organization and clear but concise writeups.
What's next? Help us envision future developments and concerns.
Responsible AI considerations
A reference list with links to the references you have used, and any additional resources relevant to this topic. The reference list should include at least one relevant research paper (not news articles, medium, blog, library documentation, or LinkedIn posts) that is high quality, less than 3 years old, and from one of the research sources listed below. Note that if a project topic lists specific paper(s), they must be included and presented.
Do NOT list your client's identity without your client's permission.

(2) A well-documented code file that you can run to demo your project. This can be a .py file, a Jupyter Notebook, or a link to a Colab. Make sure you can run the code during the presentation for a demo. You can demo code examples found on the internet, but you must cite the source.

(3) A link to an externally hosted website or app (e.g. a Google App Script site, a Google Sheets site, a web app) that you have built using GenAI (e.g. Claude, Gemini) with agentic capabilities.

(4) A project page for your group with a kanban board that looks like this to show a list of tasks that you have done, ongoing, and potential future development ideas as to-dos. Your team should use the project page during the semester to track your tasks and progress. You should be ready to discuss how you used the project board during your presentation.
Note: GitHub can be a bit tricky to use so be sure to ask for help when you're confused.

Presentation Requirements (Grading rubrics available in Blackboard)
During the conference you should be ready to discuss the following:


(1) Problem statement - What problem are you trying to solve in this case study? And how is it relevant to what's being discussed this week?

(2) At least one relevant research paper (not news articles, medium, blog, library documentation, or LinkedIn posts) that is high quality and less than 3 years old.

(3) Code demo - Keep the coding demo as simple as possible to illustrate an essential concept rather than walking through a complete project.

(4) Website demo - Be ready to demo the interactive website you've built using GenAI and explain how it works, and its agentic design elements.
Three awards will be given out during each round of presentations:
Agentic Design Excellence Award
Innovation Award
Communication Excellence Award

References
Andrew Ng on how AI can power any business